timelog.md, before:

#Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
|09/05/18|Set up, videos|2|first set up attempt failed|
|09/07/18|Week one videos|3|lots of screen time|
|09/08/18|Come up with project application, start listing technologies that will be used in project| 1 | So many projects to decide from?|
|09/08/18|Week one activities and exercises, readings, finish various set up|5|wheww|
|09/14/18|Week two videos, readings, exercises junit log4j|8.5|unit testing was rough|
|09/15/18|Set up project repository, link project to git, add link in indie project repository| 1 | Went smooth without any issues.|
|09/20/18|Watch week three videos|2.00|great detail|
|09/21/18|Week three custom tags activity|1.5|did not win this one|
|09/22/18|Week three custom tags activity second attempt, week three readings|2.5|META.INF-misspelled directory was the problem|
|09/22/18|Set up README.md, problem statement, timelog.md, journal.md, screen.md, applicationFlow.md, plan.md| 4.5 | made homemade bacon egg biscuits and put cheese curds on top! |
|09/23/18|Week three Cutom Tag exercise|1.25|Starting to hit my groove |
|09/24/18|Added basic form and servlet to project|1|Good start to application|
|09/24/18|Worked on time log, project plan, and journal|1.5|Making it pretty|
|09/25/18|Week four videos|1|nothing here to see|
|09/26/18|Worked on data variables needed and created javaBean with basic getters and setters|1|Starting to look like a Java app now|
|09/27/18|Week four videos and activities|2|-|
|09/29/18|Create database for indie project, implement hibernate and add annotations|1.5|-|
|10/1/18|Set up new latop, week four readings and exercise|5|-|
|10/4/18|Fixing error in week four exercise test cases|5|that was a tough one!|
|10/5/18|Week five videos|1.5|-|
|10/6/18|Week five videos cont|2|almost there now|
|10/6/18|Professional Dev Project, Launching on consoles|3|great atmosphere, learned a lot, great networking|
|10/7/18|Finish week five videos|1|-|
|10/7/18|Week five reading|1.5|-|

Commit message:

Added bootstrap and columns to project to make it look pretty!

timelog.md, after:

#Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
|09/05/18|Set up, videos|2|first set up attempt failed|
|09/07/18|Week one videos|3|lots of screen time|
|09/08/18|Come up with project application, start listing technologies that will be used in project| 1 | So many projects to decide from?|
|09/08/18|Week one activities and exercises, readings, finish various set up|5|wheww|
|09/14/18|Week two videos, readings, exercises junit log4j|8.5|unit testing was rough|
|09/15/18|Set up project repository, link project to git, add link in indie project repository| 1 | Went smooth without any issues.|
|09/20/18|Watch week three videos|2.00|great detail|
|09/21/18|Week three custom tags activity|1.5|did not win this one|
|09/22/18|Week three custom tags activity second attempt, week three readings|2.5|META.INF-misspelled directory was the problem|
|09/22/18|Set up README.md, problem statement, timelog.md, journal.md, screen.md, applicationFlow.md, plan.md| 4.5 | made homemade bacon egg biscuits and put cheese curds on top! |
|09/23/18|Week three Custom Tag exercise|1.25|Starting to hit my groove |
|09/24/18|Added basic form and servlet to project|1|Good start to application|
|09/24/18|Worked on time log, project plan, and journal|1.5|Making it pretty|
|09/25/18|Week four videos|1|nothing here to see|
|09/26/18|Worked on data variables needed and created javaBean with basic getters and setters|1|Starting to look like a Java app now|
|09/27/18|Week four videos and activities|2|-|
|09/29/18|Create database for indie project, implement hibernate and add annotations|1.5|-|
|10/1/18|Set up new latop, week four readings and exercise|5|-|
|10/4/18|Fixing error in week four exercise test cases|5|that was a tough one!|
|10/5/18|Week five videos|1.5|-|
|10/6/18|Week five videos cont|2|almost there now|
|10/6/18|Professional Dev Project, Launching on consoles|3|great atmosphere, learned a lot, great networking|
|10/7/18|Finish week five videos|1|-|
|10/7/18|Week five reading|1.5|-|
|10/8/18|Added bootstrap and columns to indie project|1|-|
