markdown/timelog.md, before:

#Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
|09/05/18|Set up, videos|2|first set up attempt failed|
|09/07/18|Week one videos|3|lots of screen time|
|09/08/18|Come up with project application, start listing technologies that will be used in project| 1 | So many projects to decide from?|
|09/08/18|Week one activities and exercises, readings, finish various set up|5|wheww|
|09/14/18|Week two videos, readings, exercises junit log4j|8.5|unit testing was rough|
|09/15/18|Set up project repository, link project to git, add link in indie project repository| 1 | Went smooth without any issues.|
|09/20/18|Watch week three videos|2.00|great detail|
|09/21/18|Week three custom tags activity|1.5|did not win this one|
|09/22/18|Week three custom tags activity second attempt, week three readings|2.5|META.INF-misspelled directory was the problem|
|09/22/18|Set up README.md, problem statement, timelog.md, journal.md, screen.md, applicationFlow.md, plan.md| 4.5 | made homemade bacon egg biscuits and put cheese curds on top! |
|09/23/18|Week three Custom Tag exercise|1.25|Starting to hit my groove |
|09/24/18|Added basic form and servlet to project|1|Good start to application|
|09/24/18|Worked on time log, project plan, and journal|1.5|Making it pretty|
|09/25/18|Week four videos|1|nothing here to see|
|09/26/18|Worked on data variables needed and created javaBean with basic getters and setters|1|Starting to look like a Java app now|
|09/27/18|Week four videos and activities|2|-|
|09/29/18|Create database for indie project, implement hibernate and add annotations|1.5|-|
|10/1/18|Set up new latop, week four readings and exercise|5|-|
|10/4/18|Fixing error in week four exercise test cases|5|that was a tough one!|
|10/5/18|Week five videos|1.5|-|
|10/6/18|Week five videos cont|2|almost there now|
|10/6/18|Professional Dev Project, Launching on consoles meeting|3|great atmosphere, learned a lot, great networking|
|10/7/18|Finish week five videos|1|-|
|10/7/18|Week five reading|1.5|-|
|10/8/18|Added bootstrap and columns to indie project|1|pretty|
|10/9/18|Week five exercise|1.5|test need work still|
|10/11/18|Week six videos, deploy indie project to AWS|2.75|its alive|
|10/11/18|Week six peer code reviews|1.25|good work everyone|
|10/12/18|Added Front end validation to form on indie project|2|numbers are numbers|
|10/13/18|Redo AWS|1.25|dont terminate|
|10/13/18|week six exercise|1.50|-|
|10/13/18|indieProject work,implemented hibernate and log4j, worked on servlet, database design doc|3|lots to do|
|10/14/18|indieProject work, POJO, servlet, results.jsp, unit tests|3.5|getting there|
|10/16/18|Week seven video and activity|2|-|
|10/16/18|indieProject work, added admin.jsp, login.jsp, newEmployee.jsp, added navigation bar, touched up css on form|1.75|pretty pretty|
|10/18/18|indieProject work fixing issues on checkpoint two|1.5|-|
|10/18/18|week 7 videos and activity|2|-|
|10/18/18|week 7 readings|1|not finished|
|10/19/18|finished week 7 readings|2|-|
|10/22/18|Worked on ERD for indieProject|1|-|
|10/25/18|Created all new javaBeans and databases for indie project|2.5|got it done|
|10/25/18|Working on DAOs, interface.jsp and interfaceResults.jsp pages, servlets, css|3.25|lots to do now|
|10/27/18|Week eight videos and activity|2|-|
|10/28/18|IndieProject three checkpoint prepare|2|yay|
|10/29/18|Added weather API to indieProject|1.25|what!, sort of|
|10/30/18|lisa pro dev feedback|.5|-|
|10/30/18|Week eight readings|1.25|good stuff|
|10/31/18|indieProject css, admin page, authentication issues|1|-|
|10/31/18|Week eight exercise|1|-|
|10/31/18|added logout capabilities to indieProject, touched up css with with login/logout|1.5|its working!|
|11/1/18|fixed authentication issue on AWS|1.75|yay|
|11/1/18|Week nine videos and activity|1|I should go back over week 8 I think|
|11/2/18|rewatch week 8 videos|1|-|
|11/2/18|Week nine readings|1|-|
|11/2/18|Work on admin page indieProject, didplay all results from database|1|-|
|11/5/18|Work on team project|2|-|
|11/7/18|Work on team project|2|-|
|11/8/18|Week nine videos and activities|.5|-|
|11/9/18|Week nine videos and activities|1|-|
|11/10/18|trying to get all values back on indie project|1|not working?|
|11/12/18|work on team project|1|-|
|11/12/18|Work on indie project, got calculations working!|1|Finally|
|11/13/18|Professional development feedback for John and Eric|.5|-|
|11/14/18|Team project|2|-|
|11/15/18|Work on indieProject. Refactored into genericDao and worked on table styles|1|-|
|11/15/18|Week 11 videos|1|-|
|11/19/18|Team Project|2|-|
|11/20/18|Team Project|1|-|
|11/20/18|indieProject|1|-|
|11/24/18|team project feedback|.15|-|
|11/26/18|week 11 exercise|1|-|
|11/28/18|indie project form css|.50|-|
|11/29/18|Feedback for Kortney|.15|-|
|11/29/18|Professional development presentation|1.2|excited to present now|
|11/29/18|Week 13 videos|.6|-cool topic|
|11/29/18|indieProject working on conditionals for weather results to output suggested maintenance|1.5|added some css as well|
|11/30/18|-indieProject javascript + and - buttons to increase and decrease credit fields|2|-yes!|

Commit message:

indieProject adding delete function, still working on multiple search parameters on admin, trying to round double values.

markdown/timelog.md, after:

#Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours | Notes|
|------|------|-------|------|
|09/05/18|Set up, videos|2|first set up attempt failed|
|09/07/18|Week one videos|3|lots of screen time|
|09/08/18|Come up with project application, start listing technologies that will be used in project| 1 | So many projects to decide from?|
|09/08/18|Week one activities and exercises, readings, finish various set up|5|wheww|
|09/14/18|Week two videos, readings, exercises junit log4j|8.5|unit testing was rough|
|09/15/18|Set up project repository, link project to git, add link in indie project repository| 1 | Went smooth without any issues.|
|09/20/18|Watch week three videos|2.00|great detail|
|09/21/18|Week three custom tags activity|1.5|did not win this one|
|09/22/18|Week three custom tags activity second attempt, week three readings|2.5|META.INF-misspelled directory was the problem|
|09/22/18|Set up README.md, problem statement, timelog.md, journal.md, screen.md, applicationFlow.md, plan.md| 4.5 | made homemade bacon egg biscuits and put cheese curds on top! |
|09/23/18|Week three Custom Tag exercise|1.25|Starting to hit my groove |
|09/24/18|Added basic form and servlet to project|1|Good start to application|
|09/24/18|Worked on time log, project plan, and journal|1.5|Making it pretty|
|09/25/18|Week four videos|1|nothing here to see|
|09/26/18|Worked on data variables needed and created javaBean with basic getters and setters|1|Starting to look like a Java app now|
|09/27/18|Week four videos and activities|2|-|
|09/29/18|Create database for indie project, implement hibernate and add annotations|1.5|-|
|10/1/18|Set up new latop, week four readings and exercise|5|-|
|10/4/18|Fixing error in week four exercise test cases|5|that was a tough one!|
|10/5/18|Week five videos|1.5|-|
|10/6/18|Week five videos cont|2|almost there now|
|10/6/18|Professional Dev Project, Launching on consoles meeting|3|great atmosphere, learned a lot, great networking|
|10/7/18|Finish week five videos|1|-|
|10/7/18|Week five reading|1.5|-|
|10/8/18|Added bootstrap and columns to indie project|1|pretty|
|10/9/18|Week five exercise|1.5|test need work still|
|10/11/18|Week six videos, deploy indie project to AWS|2.75|its alive|
|10/11/18|Week six peer code reviews|1.25|good work everyone|
|10/12/18|Added Front end validation to form on indie project|2|numbers are numbers|
|10/13/18|Redo AWS|1.25|dont terminate|
|10/13/18|week six exercise|1.50|-|
|10/13/18|indieProject work,implemented hibernate and log4j, worked on servlet, database design doc|3|lots to do|
|10/14/18|indieProject work, POJO, servlet, results.jsp, unit tests|3.5|getting there|
|10/16/18|Week seven video and activity|2|-|
|10/16/18|indieProject work, added admin.jsp, login.jsp, newEmployee.jsp, added navigation bar, touched up css on form|1.75|pretty pretty|
|10/18/18|indieProject work fixing issues on checkpoint two|1.5|-|
|10/18/18|week 7 videos and activity|2|-|
|10/18/18|week 7 readings|1|not finished|
|10/19/18|finished week 7 readings|2|-|
|10/22/18|Worked on ERD for indieProject|1|-|
|10/25/18|Created all new javaBeans and databases for indie project|2.5|got it done|
|10/25/18|Working on DAOs, interface.jsp and interfaceResults.jsp pages, servlets, css|3.25|lots to do now|
|10/27/18|Week eight videos and activity|2|-|
|10/28/18|IndieProject three checkpoint prepare|2|yay|
|10/29/18|Added weather API to indieProject|1.25|what!, sort of|
|10/30/18|lisa pro dev feedback|.5|-|
|10/30/18|Week eight readings|1.25|good stuff|
|10/31/18|indieProject css, admin page, authentication issues|1|-|
|10/31/18|Week eight exercise|1|-|
|10/31/18|added logout capabilities to indieProject, touched up css with with login/logout|1.5|its working!|
|11/1/18|fixed authentication issue on AWS|1.75|yay|
|11/1/18|Week nine videos and activity|1|I should go back over week 8 I think|
|11/2/18|rewatch week 8 videos|1|-|
|11/2/18|Week nine readings|1|-|
|11/2/18|Work on admin page indieProject, display all results from database|1|-|
|11/5/18|Work on team project|2|-|
|11/7/18|Work on team project|2|-|
|11/8/18|Week nine videos and activities|.5|-|
|11/9/18|Week nine videos and activities|1|-|
|11/10/18|trying to get all values back on indie project|1|not working?|
|11/12/18|work on team project|1|-|
|11/12/18|Work on indie project, got calculations working!|1|Finally|
|11/13/18|Professional development feedback for John and Eric|.5|-|
|11/14/18|Team project|2|-|
|11/15/18|Work on indieProject. Refactored into genericDao and worked on table styles|1|-|
|11/15/18|Week 11 videos|1|-|
|11/19/18|Team Project|2|-|
|11/20/18|Team Project|1|-|
|11/20/18|indieProject|1|-|
|11/24/18|team project feedback|.15|-|
|11/26/18|week 11 exercise|1|-|
|11/28/18|indie project form css|.50|-|
|11/29/18|Feedback for Kortney|.15|-|
|11/29/18|Professional development presentation|1.2|excited to present now|
|11/29/18|Week 13 videos|.6|-cool topic|
|11/29/18|indieProject working on conditionals for weather results to output suggested maintenance|1.5|added some css as well|
|11/30/18|indieProject javascript + and - buttons to increase and decrease credit fields|2|-yes!|
|11/30/18|indieProject adding multiple searches on admin page, refactoring code|1.65|-|
|12/1/18|indieProject adding delete function, still working on multiple search parameters on admin, trying to round double values|2|-|
